= Chill

Chill allows you to easily test any REST action on any application. This can be very helpful when you have the need to implement an external (REST) service in your application or when you are developing your own REST hooks.
The big benefit is that you are able to construct your requests with the built in parameter builder.
After the request has been done it will give you access to the response headers too.

== Requirements

{MacRuby}[http://www.macruby.org/] 0.5 or better

== Usage

=== Building

* Open project with Xcode 3.2.1 or higher
* Build it
* Use the "Compile & Embed" target after building your release to make it run on machines that don't have MacRuby installed

=== Application

* Enter your URL in the addresbar on top of the screen
* Select your HTTP method (GET, POST, PUT or DELETE)
* Click "Send"

== Getting it

  git clone git://github.com/jeroenj/REST-Client.git 

See {Downloads}[http://github.com/jeroenj/chill/downloads] section for binary builds. Keep in mind that MacRuby is not bundled in these binaries yet.

== Issue Tracker
You can find this in {Lighthouse}[http://redstorm.lighthouseapp.com/projects/46742-chill/overview]

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jeroen Jacobs, {redstorm sprl}[http://www.redstorm.be]. See LICENSE for details.
